Add Remaining Support Docs (#379)
helium/docs: docs/troubleshooting/hotspot-led.mdx

---
id: hotspot-led
title: Hotspot LED Meaning
sidebar_label: Hotspot LED Meaning 
slug: /troubleshooting/hotspot-led
---

# Hotspot LED Meaning  

> #### Here's a general guide to what the different color lights on your hotspot mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Here's a guide on what different colored lights on your Hotspot mean
```

On the top of the Hotspot:
* YELLOW: Connected to power, but not connected to the internet.  
* GREEN: Online / connected to the internet

> * BLUE:  Blue-tooth pairing mode to connect to your device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BLUE:  Bluetooth pairing mode to connect to your phone
```
